use graph.byElementId (#739)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/clauses/use.adoc

USE graph.byName($graphName)
MATCH (n) RETURN n
----

[[query-use-examples-query-composite-database-by-element-id]]

> === Query a composite database constituent which contains a given graph element

Reviewer: Maybe? Otherwise, it is a rather long header.
```suggestion
=== Query a composite database constituent using elementId
```

> In this example it is assumed that the DBMS contains a composite database constituent, which contains the element id `4:c0a65d96-4993-4b0c-b036-e7ebd9174905:0`.
> The constituent database must be a standard database in the DBMS, otherwise an error will be thrown:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xref:functions/datatase.adoc#functions-database-nameFromElementId[graph.byElementId()] function (introduced in Neo4j 5.12), can be used to return the name of a database to which a given element id belongs.
In the below example, it is assumed that the DBMS contains a composite database constituent, which contains the element id `4:c0a65d96-4993-4b0c-b036-e7ebd9174905:0`.
If the constituent database is not a standard database in the DBMS an error will be thrown:
```
